Isaak: Hey, sorry about that.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah.
Isaak: Go to require, hold on.
Isaak: Okay.
Isaak: Okay, sorry.
Got it.
Isaak: But I'm I'm doing pretty good actually. I mean, I've been tapering and so far.
Isaak: So far I don't feel like sick or anything. I mean, in the morning like before I take my medicine like
Isaak: I'll start to feel kind of like, you know, kind of weird, but then I'm fine, usually
Isaak: But yeah, so other than that things have been pretty good. I've had like I had some friends visit from
Isaak: Like out of state like last weekend stuff. So it's been pretty good.
Shawn Phalen: How long it's gonna take you to taper.
Um,
Isaak: I'm taking it pretty cool because I mean I've only dropped like two milligrams, so I'm probably going to be on this for like a few like I don't know, maybe two. I'm just going down i two milligrams every time.
Shawn Phalen: So,
Isaak: What's going on with the work front anything. Um, well, nothing right now because like I kind of want to
Isaak: I kind of want to see how everything goes as I keep going like lower, but you know what I mean, like the tapering or whatever. So, like, as I just, I don't know, I'd be afraid to like
Isaak: Get a job that like I really like and stuff and then like if I tape or an iPad stick and stuff and then just affect like my work ethic and stuff.
Isaak: So, yeah, yeah, I remember we talked about that last yeah
Isaak: Okay, keep tapering yeah you know keep doing that and
Isaak: Yeah, I got a bunch of money saved and
Isaak: I'm planning on getting some guitar stuff this weekend because like I've lost a lot of like guitar stuff over the, over the years, like one I sold one for drugs in the past and
Isaak: Then I had like an acoustic and stuff. And I got in a car accident and snapped in half. So, yeah, it sucks, but thankfully I have money to kind of
Isaak: Get like the things I lost back. Plus, like, I don't know, maybe get a new AMP. And I think that that's gonna be good for me right now because like I really like playing guitars stuff. And whenever I tape or I just need more options, you know, get my mind off things
Shawn Phalen: Still on unemployment.
Isaak: No ran out recently. Okay, so, yeah. Many foot you saved when you are not yet.
Isaak: Yeah, but so far. I don't have like cravings or anything which is good. I mean, nothing like you know worse than, like, what, like a bad day would be, but you know what I mean, right. So thanks has been pretty okay and are the groups gone
Isaak: They're pretty good.
Isaak: Yeah, looks like a few new people through. But yes, good. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Anything else you want to go over anything that
Isaak: I'm not really think of like right now. I mean,
Isaak: Yeah, thanks. Just pretty good.
Isaak: Okay.
Isaak: Yeah.
So exercising.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so when, when do you want to just seems like maybe a six week
Sure.
Isaak: Yeah, I'll probably be tapered like more. So I don't know, I might start noticing things or you know what I mean.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, that's one
Shawn Phalen: Groups are again.
Isaak: My groups are on Thursdays. Okay.
Isaak: Was that I can't
Shawn Phalen: Can you hold the phone because it's making me sick.
Isaak: Oh, I'm sorry.
Isaak: I was just going to get a pen. Okay.
Isaak: Okay, sorry.
Isaak: You want to do April 1 get sick. It's a Wednesday. Yeah.
Isaak: So, April.
April 1 step.
Isaak: Okay.
Okay.
Isaak: All right. Okay. All right.